mr. president what place do you think
you have in the history history history
will all be dead
keep inviting something I don't know
about to get a devil devil in a wagon
enhanced interrogation techniques
utilized fear sorry we like pulling out
their toenails
more at the bottom of under the water
on an ass whippin try to take a swing
people miss Assad rope
I'm going to get at a Polish yeah
whoever remembers son present anyway
John Quincy and that was like three
hundred years ago
tomorrow we're not here
American people want with them whose job
is it to find these damn weapon
pollinate your father's footsteps
they're pushing they'll no way in the
world I'd want to do that
Oh